feat: improve logging for Station (#62)
filecoin-saturn/L2-node: README.md

```
./saturn-l2
...
WebUI: http://localhost:52860/webui
...
```

> When an L2 connects/disconnects with an L1 it print this to the standard output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an L2 connects/disconnects with an L1 it prints this to standard output:
```
